Refactor Sem multi-group support (#317)
StructuralEquationModels/StructuralEquationModels.jl: docs/src/tutorials/collection/collection.md

# Collections

With *StructuralEquationModels.jl*, you can fit weighted sums of structural equation models.
The most common use case for this are [Multigroup models](@ref).
Another use case may be optimizing the sum of loss functions for some of which you do know the analytic gradient, but not for others.
In this case, [`FiniteDiffWrapper`](@ref) method to generate a wrapper around the specific `SemLoss` term that only uses its objective

> to calculate the gradient using the finite difference approximation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, [`FiniteDiffWrapper`](@ref) can be used to generate a wrapper around the specific `SemLoss` term. This wrapper only uses the `LossTerm`s objective, and calculates the gradient using finite difference approximation.
```
